[OpenAPI3 Emitter] Add option to map `safeint` to `double-int` (#2933)
microsoft/typespec: .chronus/changes/safe-int-openapi3-2024-1-17-0-53-2.md

---
# Change versionKind to one of: internal, fix, dependencies, feature, deprecation, breaking
changeKind: breaking
packages:
  - "@typespec/openapi3"
---

> `safeint` scalar now map to `type: integer, format: double-int`. To revert to the previous output of `type: integer, format: int64`. You can either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `safeint` scalar now emits to `type: integer, format: double-int`. The `double-int` format was added to the [OpenAPI Formats Registry](https://spec.openapis.org/registry/format/double-int) in November 2023 to represent integers that can be stored in a double without precision loss.

There are two options to preserve the previous emit of `type: integer, format: int64`:
```
